She stood there on the other side of the fence. For a full
sized mare, she was a little on the small side. But i was
horny and she looked good all the same to me. So i reached
over the fence to scratch her ears. As i touched her, she
whinnied and tossed her head. She neighed and moved closer so
i could better reach her head. I ran my hand over her ears,
under her chin, over and though her mane and over her ears
again. I was getting excited from the smell of her and the
physical contact with her. I moved around so i was near her
ass end. She didn't seem to mind my looking at her ass and i
guess she was looking at mine too. Her tail swished and i got
a good view of her scenery. She raised her tail then so i
could better see her asshole and cunt. She looked great,
better each time i saw it. We were old lovers so i felt safe
fucking her, she trusted me and i her. I climbed over the
fence not so quietly, so she knew what i wanted to do and she
knew where i was. As i stood behind her, she remained calm
and relaxed so i lifted her tail to the side and i put my
hand ever so lightly on that soft skin of her cunt.  It was
like before, the softest skin i had ever felt, no human ever
had skin so soft. I bent over to but my face against her
backsides and i kissed her shiny black cunt and then her
black button of an asshole.
I switched back to her inviting cunt and inserted my tongue
as far as it would go and i eat cunt for all i was worth.
Mares are always the best smelling and tasting cunts there
are, humans sometimes smell fishy, but not horses and
certainly not her, in heat or out she always smelled and
tasted great. Sweet like pussy and never anything bad or
foul with a mare. So when my hard- on got to it's full size
and i smelled as much like her cunt as she did, i moved to
her asshole and continued eating her out. You might
think "YUCK", BUT they are not like humans. They are
herbivores as you know and so they have NO scent, only meat-
eaters have a scent that's bad. Disqusting as you know from
your dogs breath, but you never get that from a horse, either
sex they have no scent. I stood there on the box that was
always in her stall my fly unzipped. I wear no under pants so
i am always ready for an animal fuck. I eased my hard- on
into her slippery cunt and started pumping slow and steady.
She was a little looser then usual today and when she
squatted to piss i stepped aside to let her go to it. As i
watched her finish i put my mouth on her winking cunt and
drank her juices. She was in heat, i could tell the way she
squatted  and pissed and from the cloudy color of her piss.
Well she was going to be loose for a few days if she was in
heat so i switched to her asshole. I shifted on the box and
plugged into her asshole, That was always tight and never
disappointed me NEVER. I pumped slowly in and out and she
tightened and loosened with each stroke i made. She looked
back at me and winked, they always do when you are nice to
them, if you do anything that gives them pleasure they feel
good and they love you for it, just like a dog. They give
unconditional love NOT like a human.
I was getting close to shooting my load into her so i sped up
a little to made it really hot for her and me.  She tightened
up just as i shot my first squirt and i thought she would cut
my cock off. Her back hunched so i knew she was feeling ever
thing to the fullest, every drop that entered her hot hole.
She stayed tight until i shot my last into her and only then
did she relax. I pumped a little while longer to finish  up
and then i pulled out and climbed of her back. I looked at
her hole and saw just a drop escaping so i licked it off and
licked up under her tail. There is a bare spot up under where
it comes out of her body that they love to have licked.
Stallions too.. So i kissed her cunt and asshole goodbye. I
would return later that day and the next to fuck her up her
nose. She was a real LADY. And only one of my wives. But i
have many husbands  who fuck me. And i am husband to many
horses and dogs, goats and sheep. And am wife too just as may
too.. HORSELOVER , THAT'S ME. EXCEPT NO OTHER!!

It was getting to be twilight and i thought "I did promise
the mare that i would return for that nose job didn't i"?  So
i went back down to her corral and there she was waiting for
me as i knew she would be. I talked quietly and calmly to her
telling her how good she looked and how i had a surprise for
her tonight. She listened and swished her tail as i petted
and felt her face and nuzzle. I slowly inserted a finger into
her nostril and told her " easy girl, thats right i won't
hurt you." As i did this i lightly head her head still and
layed my head against her's to make her feel better about my
finger. I slid my finger gently and slowly in and out of her
nose as if i was fucking it. It was slimy and wet but warm
from her hot breath and she got used to it real fast. I then
inserted a second finger so there were two in there now,
still calming and talking to her. You must make then trust
you and feel you are not hurting them. After about 5 minutes
i unzipped my pants and let my hard-on poke out into the
night air. She sniffed it and tried to bite it. They think
everything is food. So i said no and pushed her mouth away. I
then guided her head lower so i could get her nose over my
cock. She let me guide her and i slowly inserted my cock into
her nose. Her hot breath tickled my cock and i took a deeper
breath and pushed in farther. When i had it all the way in i
started pumping slowly and reassured her with my voice that
she was good, it was not going to her and how beautiful she
looked. You must seduce and flatter them, you must make them
trust you. She changed her breathing pattern as she adjusted
to having one nostril plugged. Must have seemed like she had
a cold or something, but i guess she understood what was
happening. The hot breath from her mouth caressed my naked
leggs, and i was tippsy from the sensations i was feeling in
her nose. I started to cum and she started to pull away. I
held her head and laid my head against her's again and shot
everything I had into that hole.  She waited until I was
through and I pilled out slowly so as not to hurt her.
